[KOGITO-7610] - Adding downstream content to upstream (#81)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/create-your-first-workflow-service.adoc

> For more information about the tooling and the required dependencies, see xref:getting-started/getting-familiar-with-our-tooling.adoc[tooling guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the tooling and the required dependencies, see xref:getting-started/getting-familiar-with-our-tooling.adoc[Tooling in Serverless Workflow].
```

ifdef::quarkus_cli_platform_redhat[]
include::../../pages/_common-content/productized-instructions.adoc[]
endif::[]

> [[boostrapping-the-project]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[proc-boostrapping-the-project]]
```
